fix typos (#36639)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_text/wrapping_breaking_text/index.md

## Adding hyphens

> To add hyphens when words are broken, use the CSS {{cssxref("hyphens")}} property. Using a value of `auto`, the browser is free to automatically break words at appropriate hyphenation points, following whatever rules it chooses. To have some control over the process, use a value of `manual`, then insert a hard (U+2010) or soft break character (U+00AD) into the string. A hard break character can be added using `‐` or `&#x2010;`, and a soft break character can be added using the `&shy;`, `&#173;`, or `&#xad` HTML character codes. A hard break will always break, even if it is not necessary to do so. A soft break only breaks if breaking is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add hyphens when words are broken, use the CSS {{cssxref("hyphens")}} property. Using a value of `auto`, the browser is free to automatically break words at appropriate hyphenation points, following whatever rules it chooses. To have some control over the process, use a value of `manual`, then insert a hard (U+2010) or soft break character (U+00AD) into the string. A hard break character can be added using `‐` or `&#x2010;`, and a soft break character can be added using the `&shy;`, `&#173;`, or `&#xad;` HTML character codes. A hard break will always break, even if it is not necessary to do so. A soft break only breaks if breaking is needed.
```

## Adding hyphens

> To add hyphens when words are broken, use the CSS {{cssxref("hyphens")}} property. Using a value of `auto`, the browser is free to automatically break words at appropriate hyphenation points, following whatever rules it chooses. To have some control over the process, use a value of `manual`, then insert a hard (`-`) or soft break character (U+00AD) into the string. A soft break character can be added using `&shy;`, `&#173;`, or `&#xad` HTML character codes as well. A hard break will always break, even if it is not necessary to do so. A soft break only breaks if breaking is needed.

Reviewer: This changes the "hard break character" from `‐` (U+2010) to `-` (U+002D). I have no idea which one is correct; @bsmth I think it's you?

Also for the Welsh name below feel free to add the parts of it to `ignore-list` instead since it would never be confused with a valid word.

Author: That's a good point. `U+2010` is the authentic hyphen, and `U+002D` is ASCII minus/dash. But both seem to work without any difference.
```suggestion
To add hyphens when words are broken, use the CSS {{cssxref("hyphens")}} property. Using a value of `auto`, the browser is free to automatically break words at appropriate hyphenation points, following whatever rules it chooses. To have some control over the process, use a value of `manual`, then insert a hard (U+2010) or soft break character (U+00AD) into the string. A hard break character can be added using `‐` or `&#x2010;`, and a soft break character can be added using `&shy;`, `&#173;`, or `&#xad` HTML character codes. A hard break will always break, even if it is not necessary to do so. A soft break only breaks if breaking is needed.
```
